docs: docker compose tip (#296)
usememos/memos: README.md

See more in the example [`docker-compose.yaml`](./docker-compose.yaml) file.

> If you want to stop and update the image, try

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to upgrade the version of memos, use the following command.
```
